- [Jimmy] I built the world's
most dangerous escape room
and if this contestant can
finish it less than one hour,
he wins $100,000.
Level one is simple.
They must escape this room
before these spikes impale them.
I'm gonna head out.
- Wait, these are actually sharp.
- Too bad.
The walls are closing in.
(dramatic music)
- Oh God, there's sand.
- You gotta break out of the room.
Break the brick wall!
- Get the wall!
- [Chris] Get the tools!
- This is literally only level
one and they're struggling.
(dramatic music)
- [Nolan] Jesus, hurry!
(screaming)
- [Karl] Go!
Oh my God!
Are you kidding me?
- [Jimmy] And that was just the first
of 10 different levels.
They have to find the exit in every level
to reach the $100,000
before the timer hits zero.
Here's the thing, the
timer's still going down.
- So we need to get moving guys.
- [Jimmy] Yep.
(dramatic music)
- Wait, be careful, be
careful, be careful.
- Holy crap.
(Karl laughing)
- There's a key hidden somewhere
in this room, good luck.
(door slams)
- It's not on this clock.
(rock music)
The key might be up here.
- I should probably check
inside the light bulb.
(glass shatters)
It's not in the light bulb.
- Where is this thing?
- Gentlemen,
you guys see this $100,000 right here?
In exactly 55 minutes it's
gonna get dumped into this fire
if you don't take it
off this conveyor belt.
- Where do you put a key?
Where do you put a key?
- That's a Jimmy thing to
do is put it in the toaster.
It's not in the toaster.
- Where have we not looked?
- Give me a boost.
(dramatic music)
- Is there anything in there?
(upbeat music)
- He's standing on Akira's back.
- [Chris] Door's open.
Oh my God, it's Minecraft.
- [Jimmy] This is the Minecraft level.
I wonder if the exit has anything to do
with the TNT block in the wall.
- We need to light it.
- Do you actually think it'll blow up?
- One way to find out.
- I'm saving my checkpoint.
Yo, there's a cave.
- Oh my God.
There's a cave and fire.
- [Akira] There's a bow!
- I think I figured it out.
- If you've ever played Minecraft,
you know that a flaming
arrow lights a TNT block.
The second he shoots it, we need to run.
Just run right after you shoot it.
- Okay.
Three, two, one!
- He missed!
He literally missed.
- Three, two, one!
It's hard to aim with it.
Screw it.
- Wait, are you just gonna jam it?
Oh God!
- Go, go, go!
(yelling)
(explosion)
- [Chris] Jesus Jimmy.
Is the wall still there?
- [Akira] Yeah it's fine.
Let's go, go, go.
- [Jimmy] All right.
- Whoa.
- Ah, a goat, oh my goodness, hello!
- [Jimmy] Boys,
welcome to level four.
- Jimmy shut up, there's a goat.
- [Jimmy] Yeah, I know.
This level looks like they
need to dig out the key
in the middle but what they don't know
is the door's just unlocked
and they can actually leave whenever.
Let's see how long it takes
them to figure it out.
Akira are you just gonna give up
a hundred grand for a goat?
- No, no, no, no, no.
Looks like we're gonna have to
get this out with a pick ax.
- I think the goats have
something to do with it.
- Akira has lost over $2 million in videos
and you're not gonna help him?
- [Karl] I'll help him.
- [Jimmy] They wasted so much
time trying to dig out the key
that I decided to give them a hint.
Guys.
Just get the key out so
you can open the door.
- Wait.
- Grab the key
and open the door.
- [Akira] Hold on.
He said just open the door.
(dramatic music)
Guys it's open, come on, it's open!
- Welcome to my scale replica of a hotel.
We worked with Zach King
to design this trick hotel
with tons of rooms in secret hallways.
But Chris instantly cracked the code
by kicking down the fake brick wall.
- [Akira] Oh, there's a secret entrance.
- [Chris] Oh, is this it?
- Whoa, this is crazy.
- [Karl] What?
- [Akira] Whoa!
- [Chris] Oh my God.
- [Akira] There is a
lot of snakes in there.
- [Chris] Yeah, you think?
- [Akira] They're huge.
- [Jimmy] One of those
snakes is 18 feet long
and weighs 200 pounds.
- I'm gonna go through.
What? I think we need to stand on this.
Excuse me.
- [Akira] Did that open something?
(all responding)
- [Jimmy] Step off real quick.
Oh, it closed.
I think it's obvious what needs to happen.
- We leave Akira.
- One of you has to go
stand on the pressure plate.
- Wait, somebody's gotta stay behind.
Who's doing it, me or you?
- On shoot.
- One and done?
- One shoot, one and done.
- One and done or three?
Should we do three?
- Three.
- Three, okay.
Rock, paper,
- Go, you go, go, go, go.
- [Chris] I didn't lose!
Oh my God.
- Goodbye Chris.
- Wait, I don't get to come?
- Gentlemen, welcome to the next level.
Drop the chocolate.
(clattering)
- [Karl] Yeah, all right.
Why are the thousands of chocolate bars?
- One of these has a mystery
ticket on the outside
that will get you out of this room.
And while they're looking
for the mystery ticket,
I wanna tell you guys
about my new snack company, Feastables.
Which is launching with three flavors.
Original, Almond, and Crunch.
- Crunch is my favorite.
- My favorite's Almond.
- Oh, no, nevermind.
- They're made with only five ingredients
but still taste amazing.
This is our Crunch bar.
Tell me if you like it.
- Hmm, that's actually really good.
- [Jimmy] And I'm kicking off Feastables
with something I've always wanted to do.
10 random bars are gonna
have a mystery ticket
inside of them and if you
get this mystery ticket,
we will fly you out to compete
for a chocolate factory
in one of our videos.
And on top of that, Chandler,
we're giving away over a million dollars
in other prizes to random
people that buy the bars.
- Dude, I need to buy these.
- It was in here this whole time?
- Just go to feastables.com
or click the link in the description
and buy yourself some chocolate bars.
They're better for you
and they taste amazing.
- Go, go, go.
- We are now moving on to level 8.
This massive library has
over 1,000 books in it
but only one opens the trap door.
19 minutes remain.
- Okay, um.
- Time is ticking.
- Elon Musk.
I don't know anything about Elon Musk.
- Where is he looking?
He's looking over here.
- How do you know he's looking over there?
- What do you mean how do I know?
- The direction his eyes are pointing?
Akira, I'll give you a
hit if you let us burn
5,000 of the hundred grand.
- Burn it.
- You sure?
- Yes.
- Hey Chandler.
- Yeah?
- Burn five grand.
- Okay.
That looked like five grand, right?
- Now that that money's on fire,
I'm gonna point in a certain direction.
- Oh man.
Uh, Elon Musk, Elon Musk, uh.
I can't read.
- That's a problem. Maybe
you should send Karl up.
- Whoa!
Yo this one says Elon Musk!
- [Akira] Grab it!
- Yoo!
- You have less than 15 minutes
for a hundred, or 95 grand.
Run!
13 and a half minutes.
- [Akira] Okay.
- Akira, welcome to level nine.
You remember in an earlier level
where you had pickaxes and weapons?
- Goat.
- I have to go all the way back?
- You have less than 13 minutes.
(dramatic music)
- There's no time.
- If he does not touch this money
in the next 11 and a half
minutes, you dump it in that fire.
- Like this.
- Yeah.
Oh gosh, he actually burnt it.
(dramatic music)
(Akira groans)
- Okay. We got something, let's go.
(dramatic music)
(clock ticking)
- This is the final level.
So if you look over there,
you'll see the 90
something thousand dollars.
You have to make it across
without touching the lava.
Okay. You've only lost $2
million on this channel
in these videos.
- Yeah.
- I don't know where
I was going with this.
I just wanted to bring it up.
(clock ticking)
(dramatic music)
- Wait, wait, wait, how's your hamstring?
- It's fine.
- 'Cause it's already
cost you a ton of money.
(dramatic music)
- [Karl] Yeah you're fine, you're fine.
- I would tickle Akira,
but this is a lot more serious for him
because he actually gets the money.
- And I'm very ticklish.
- Okay. Now the final part.
- Ready.
(clock ticking)
- Hundred grand.
Think about.
Oh man, he's doing this pretty easy.
(dramatic music)
(clock ticking)
- [Karl] There's the fire right there.
- [Jimmy] Don't push it in the fire!
- Let's go!
- Congratulations.
- I did it!
- I'm passing.
He did it with two minutes remaining.
Obviously that's fake money
'cause it's illegal to burn real money but
- Oh!
- The real money is
right here in these bags.
If you're hungry, go to feastables.com
and order our brand new chocolate bars.
They taste amazing.
They're good for you.
And subscribe or I'll
punch you in the throat.
- Subscribe!
Let's go baby!
We did it!
♪ Mr. Beast oh ♪
- I've become friends with the snakes now.
They speak to me.